Subscription Packages
Choose Your Gift Card Package
All CME Gift Card packages include an Amazon.com Gift Card (or a choice of other major retailers you can select after purchase). Earn AMA PRA Category 1 Credits ™ for general and specialty CME.
$
___
OR
OR
$
___
$
___
How it Works
View the clinical content behind the calcs
Earn your CME on 275+ tools across MDCalc
Easily redeem your certificate from your CME dashboard. Done!
Frequently Asked Questions
What specialty CME credits are included in the plan?
General; Addiction and Controlled Substances; Cardiac Care; Domestic and Intimate Partner Violence; Geriatrics; HIV and Infectious Disease; Hospice, End-of-Life, Terminal Illness, and Palliative Care; Mental and Behavioral Health; Pain Management; Pediatrics; Stroke; and Trauma.
I ordered a CME package with a gift card. How does it work?
Your gift card will be sent via email within 1-2 business days of making your purchase. You will be able to select from the following options - Visa, Amazon.com, Apple. Be sure to claim your gift card offer within 90 days of receiving the email.
Your CME purchase may have implications for tax reporting purposes. The cost of your CME product may or may not be tax-deductible when used for professional purposes. Any reimbursed amount for incentives must be declared as personal income for tax purposes. Please consult your tax advisor. MDCalc does not provide tax advice.
How do I get a refund if I'm not satisfied?
You can get a refund (minus any promotional gift amount) within 30-days if the ease of earning and redeeming does not meet your expectations and if you have redeemed no more than 4 credits. Please email team@mdcalc.com to request a refund. Note that a previous refund claim excludes you from this policy.
How do I later upgrade to a different plan if I need more credits?
You can upgrade your subscription throughout your billing cycle and pay the difference for a higher plan. You may request to downgrade your plan to a lower level to coincide with your next renewal. Please email team@mdcalc.com to request changes.
How do I get information on a discounted bulk subscription program for my institution, team, or practice?
If you’re part of a team or practice that wants to sign up five or more physicians, please email us at team@mdcalc.com for more information.