About WHO South-East Asia
One of the six WHO Regions, WHO South-East Asia is home to a quarter of the world’s population.
Committed to building a better, healthier future for the nearly two billion people in the Region, WHO is working with the 10 Member States to address persisting and emerging epidemiological and demographic challenges.
Officer-in-Charge
WHO South-East Asia Regional Director Saima Wazed is currently on leave.
During this period, Dr Catharina Boehme is serving as Officer-in-Charge.
Regional Director
Evaluation reports
Reassignment of Indonesia
Indonesia reassigned to WHO Western Pacific Region
On 23 May 2025, at the Seventy-eighth session of the World Health Assembly Member States approved the request from the Government of Indonesia for the country’s reassignment from the South-East Asia Region to the Western Pacific Region.
Global Leprosy Programme
The Global Leprosy Programme (GLP) of the World Health Organization is housed in the WHO Regional Office for South-East Asia (and not in the Organization’s headquarters in Geneva). It is the Organization’s designated programme for addressing leprosy worldwide. Being classified as one of the 20 neglected tropical diseases (NTDs), the unit works in close collaboration with the Department of Control of NTDs in HQ, designated focal points in all regions, national leprosy programmes and partners.
World Health Day 2025
Featured activities
All →Featured publications
All →04th edition, Epidemiological Bulletin WHO Health Emergencies Programme WHO Regional Office for South-East...
This epidemiological bulletin aims to provide the situation of key infectious diseases in the WHO South-East Asia region to inform risk assessments and...
Independent External Review of EPI-VPD surveillance in Thailand, 1-8 September 2025
Thailand’s Expanded Programme on Immunization (EPI) and vaccine-preventable disease (VPD) surveillance system underwent a comprehensive external...
Subnational implementation review workshop of the Big Catch-Up (BCU) immunization initiative in priority...
The WHO Regional Office for South-East Asia (WHO-SEARO) convened the subnational implementation review workshop of the Big Catch-Up (BCU) immunization...
03rd edition, Epidemiological Bulletin WHO Health Emergencies Programme WHO Regional Office for South-East...
This epidemiological bulletin aims to provide the situation of key infectious diseases in the WHO South-East Asia region to inform risk assessments and...